Healthcare assistant

Job Overview

WORK SCHEDULE: Full-time
CONTRACT TYPE:Direct hire
OCCUPATION: Healthcare assistant
LAST APPLICATION DATE: 23/04/2024
JOB START DATE: 26/03/2024
EMPLOYMENT PERIOD: periodDescription
EURES FLAG
Job details

Job description
An Teaghlach Uilinn Nursing Home, Kilrainey, Moycullen, Galway H91 RW96 is situated in the village of Moycullen, 10km northwest of Galway City.  The Universal Family Retirement & Recovery Centre is specially designed to ensure the comfort and well-being of our residents, along with their daily, medical, spiritual and social needs. It is a purpose-built 77-bed facility.

Situated in the picturesque village of Moycullen, 500 metres from the centre of the village and 100 metres from the local church, we are ideally located in a place where we and our residents have the opportunity to stay in touch with the community.

We are presently looking for Healthcare Assistants to start working with us. At Brookhaven, we offer one of the best benefits packages available to Healthcare Assistants in Ireland.

Free Employee Benefits
    Free access to all the family and extended family members to Aviva's 'Best Doctors Second Medical Opinion' service
    Free Garda vetting
    Free uniform
Employee Discounts
    Discounts on car, home, and travel insurance of up to 25%
    Free travel insurance to Europe where an employee has both car and home insurance with the same provider
Other Employee Initiatives
    Access to a unique banking scheme with Croí Laighean Credit Union
    Employee referral cash incentive scheme
    Employee recognition awards
    Employee appreciation events throughout the year
    Access to a pension scheme
    Access to Bike to Work scheme
Brookhaven Healthcare currently has vacancies for H.C.A.s with Nursing Diploma equivalent to FETAC Level 6. Your role shall be to provide the highest standards of care to residents within this Nursing Home. You will operate under the daily direction of the Senior Nursing Staff and act as the primary carer for our elderly residents. Along with providing clinical care, you will also be responsible for supervising hygiene, nutrition, and residents' mobility. You will operate as part of a clinical care team led by a Staff Nurse. You will be rostered weekly for a number of defined shifts.

Starting salary:    €27,000.00
Hours:            39 hours per week.


Job location
AN TEAGHLACH UILLINN Kilrainey Moycullen Co. Galway H91 RW96 , West - Ireland

Job requirements

Travel required
This job involves travel requirements
Employer

Name
Confidential

Description
Healthcare

Organisation size
Large enterprise

Legal ID
SomeOrganizationLegalId

Remuneration

Remuneration basis
Fix base paid

Salary
Up to 0 EUR per month (Commission paid)

Description
remunDescription
