Business Development Representative
The Hollister Group, Inc.
Boston, MA

posted

7 days ago

Location

Boston, MA
Description

Business Development Representative - Technology Staffing

 

The Hollister Group, Boston's leading staffing consultancy repeatedly recognized as a "Best Place to Work" and a "Top 100 Women-Led Business", is seeking an energetic, sales-minded individual to join us as a Business Development Representative on our Technology Staffing team. We are excited to speak with candidates who would thrive on a self-directed team with a focus on collaboration, accountability, and building relationships.

 

The Hollister Group currently operates on a hybrid work schedule in Boston, but is open to considering some fully remote East Coast-based applicants!

 

Responsibilities:

    Proactively connect with current and potential Technology clients through community involvement, professional networking, attending events, cultivating referrals, and utilizing existing relationships	
    Work with the Recruiting team to help identify potential technical talent that matches our clients' needs	
    Partner with clients by booking meetings, assisting with identifying their staffing/hiring needs, and building long-term relationships	
    Provide outstanding customer service and provide a top-notch experience for current and prospective clients	
    Conduct research on new technology and stay up to date on current technology trends	
    Develop meaningful client relationships to function as a hiring resource to their recruiting team

 

 

Qualifications:

    Bachelor's degree preferred, but experience will be strongly considered	
    Experience in a business-to-business sales environment with knowledge of contracts, negotiation, prospecting and outreach techniques	
    One year or more of experience in recruiting or business development in the Technology industry	
    Knowledge or strong interest in current and new technology trends	
    Proven experience building and maintaining long-term relationships and networks	
    Strong written and verbal communication skills including demonstrated follow-up skills	
    Extremely strong organizational skills, time management skills, and attention to detail	
    Technology skills that include Applicant Tracking Systems and Microsoft Office; calendar management software experience strongly preferred; Salesforce experience is a plus

 

 

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

 

The Hollister Group is committed to building a diverse workforce and has cultivated a culture where employees are encouraged to bring their whole, authentic selves to work. We believe diversity drives innovation, and we know true inclusion is not possible without continuous education and reflection. Our goal is to help all employees feel celebrated and supported, so we do our best to bridge the gaps between our differences by consistently providing opportunities for individual and organizational learning about diversity, equity, and inclusion.

 

The Hollister Group is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, ancestry, family or parental status, military service, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate.

 

We welcome and encourage applications from people who are under-represented in their respective occupation or position.

 

 

If you are interested and meet these qualifications, please apply here or email your resume to David Dorsey (ddorsey@hollistergroup.com). We look forward to hearing from you!

 
Promoted by: The Hollister Group, Inc.
About the Company
Company Logo The Hollister Group, Inc.
The Hollister Group, Inc.

The Hollister Group, Inc. is a women-owned staffing consultancy built around four core values - open communication, passion, integrity, and community. Hollister takes an unparalleled approach to partnering with clients and talent to support them in realizing their personal and business goals. Our over 30 years in business is a testament to the value and energy we place in delivering a consistent experience of excellence and in focusing on the long-term relationship rather than the short-term transaction. This inspires the approach to everything we do. Our Staffing division partners with companies to transform the recruiting process, supporting them to easily recruit, select, and hire the right-fit talent. We collaborate with talent as hands-on advocates, supporting them fully throughout the hiring process. Our goal is extraordinary and sustained success for both hiring companies and talent. Our Staffing clients experience transparent communication and unparalleled ongoing support. Our Cultures division helps organizations with people-centric leaders at the helm to develop effective teams, maximize individual contribution, and transform their work culture to allow for sustainable creativity and impact. Our Cultures clients experience uncommon systemic transformation.

Company Size

50 to 99 employees

Industry

Staffing/Employment Agencies

Employee Benefits

401K, Donation-Matching Program, Employee Events, Employee Referral Program, Flexible Schedules, Flexible Spending Accounts, Free Food and Coffee, Game Rooms, Gym Memberships, Life Insurance, Maternity/Paternity Paid Leave, Medical, Dental and Vision, Mobile Phone Discount, Paid Holidays, Paid sick days, Performance bonus, Prescription Drug Coverage, Professional Development, Retirement / Pension Plans, Vacation/paid time off, Work From Home

Founded

1988
