Self-Service Analytics Training Lead
Mondelēz International · Prague, Prague, Czechia · Reposted 1 month ago
Full-time  Mid-Senior level
10,001+ employees · Food and Beverage Manufacturing
2 company alumni work here · 53 school alumni work here
Skills: Data Science, Data Analytics, +8 more
See how you compare to 16 applicants. Try Premium for CZK0

About the job

Job Description

Are You Ready to Make It Happen at Mondelēz International?

Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking. Make It With Pride.

Together with analytics team leaders you will support our business with excellent data models to uncover trends that can drive long-term business results.

How You Will Contribute

You will:

Support the tasks and activities of the self-service analytics center of excellence, including:
Documentation of data visualization and data preparation standards and best practices
Organization of events to further enable the community of users across the world (user groups, champions calls, new user onboarding sessions)
Assistance with training and certification for users of different abilities and skill levels
Assistance with use case interviews and ROI quantification highlight stories
Performance measurement and optimization / enhancement of dashboards, workflows and end user work products
Enable and enhance the quality of visual analytics excellence across the enterprise, including sharing program standards and visual best practices with users across many domains (e.g., finance, supply chain, consumer, marketing, etc.)
Collaborate with business partners to understand their business case, and assist in the design process
Engage with stakeholders to ensure operation in accordance with global standards

What You Will Bring

A desire to drive your future and accelerate your career and the following experience and knowledge:

Using data analysis to make recommendations to senior leaders
Technical experience in roles in best-in-class analytics practices
Experience deploying new analytical approaches in a complex and highly matrixed organization
Savvy in usage of the analytics techniques to create business impacts


More About This Role

What extra ingredients you will bring:

Analytically curious and creative
Communicate effectively and partner with local teams to deliver results
Self-motivated and organized, ability to work on more than one project at a time with quality and attention to detail
Experience with data visualization software such as Tableau and PowerBI – knowledge of best practices a plus
Understanding of cloud environments such as Google, Microsoft or Amazon a plus


Job specific requirements:

2-3 years of experience with data visualization software such as Tableau and PowerBI required
3-5 years general data & analytics experience in large multinational companies required
Understanding of or experience working in a multi-cloud environment recommended
1-2 years of experience with data preparation tools, i.e. Alteryx, PowerBI, etc. required
Functional competency: stakeholder partnership, continuous service improvement, innovation digital expertise, technology expertise


The responsibilities of this position are performed within the framework of a regional business model that is defined and managed by Mondelēz Europe GmbH, Switzerland.

No Relocation support available

Business Unit Summary

Mondelēz International, Inc. empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. We are leading the future of snacking with mouth-watering iconic brands such as Oreo, belVita, LU and Ritz biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Green & Blacks, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Philadelphia and Dairylea cheese; and Maynards Bassetts, Trebor and Trident gums. Our more than 80,000 colleagues around the world are key to the success of our business. Great people and great brands. That’s who we are. Join us on our journey to continue leading the future of snacking around the world by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way.

Mondelēz International is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job Type

Regular

Analytics & Modelling

Analytics & Data Science
